readme.md, before:

# LeetCode Problems

![LeetCode Logo](LeetCode.png)

These are my solutions for some of the [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) problems.
I'm aiming to do at least one a day as part of the daily LeetCoding challenge.
Most will be done in C++ or Java since I wanted to brush up on my low-level languages.

You can find me on LeetCode as [BillyLjm](https://leetcode.com/BillyLjm/).

## Problems
| Num  | Title | Solutions | Concepts |
|:----:|:-----:|:---------:|:--------:|
|   20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Stack](0020-Valid_Parentheses.cpp) | Stack |
|   23 | [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [Priority Queue](0023-Merge_k_Sorted_Lists.cpp) | Priority Queue, Pointers |
|   24 | [Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/) | [Pointers](0024-Swap_Nodes_in_Pairs.cpp) | Linked Lists |
|   28 | [Find the Index of the First<br>Occurrence in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/) | [KMP Substring](0028-Find_The_Index_Of_The_First_Occurence_In_A_String.cpp) | Find Patterns |
|   54 | [Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [Indexing](0054-Spiral_Matrix.cpp) | Arrays |
|   59 | [Spiral Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [Robot](0059-Spiral_Matrix_II.cpp) | Arrays |
|   64 | [Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/) | [Dynamic Programming](0064-Minimum_Path_Sum.cpp) | Path Searching |
|   71 | [Simplify Path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [Vector](0071-Simplify_Path.cpp) | String Parsing |
|   72 | [Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/) | > [Dynamic Programming](0072-Edit_Distance--Dynamic_Programming.cpp)<br>> [Memoisation](0072-Edit_Distance--Memoisation.cpp) | Recursion, Memoisation,<br>Dynamic Programming |
|   87 | [Scramble String](https://leetcode.com/problems/scramble-string/) | [Dynamic Programming](0087-Scramble_String.cpp) | Substrings |
|  101 | [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [Tree Traversal](0101-Symmetric_Tree.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
|  106 | [Construct Binary Tree from<br>Inorder and Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/) | [Recursion, Map](0106-Construct_Binary_Tree_from_Inorder_and_Postorder_Traversal.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
|  109 | [Convert Sorted List<br>to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/) | > [Vector](0109-Convert_Sorted_List_to_Binary_Search_Tree--Vector.cpp)<br>> [No Mid-Finding](0109-Convert_Sorted_List_to_Binary_Search_Tree--No_Mid_Finding.cpp) | Linked Lists,<br>Binary Trees |
|  129 | [Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/) | [Recursion](0129-Sum_Root_to_Leaf_Numbers.cpp) | Binary Trees |
|  133 | [Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/) | [Adjacency List](0133-Clone_Graph.cpp) | Undirected Graphs |
|  142 | [Linked List Cycle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/) | [Floyd's Cycle Finding](0142-Linked_List_Cycle_II.cpp) | Linked Lists |
|  208 | [Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree/) | [Map](0208-Implement_Trie_Prefix_Tree.cpp) | Trie/Prefix Tree |
|  211 | [Design Add and Search<br>Words Data Structure](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-add-and-search-words-data-structure/) | [Trie/Prefix Tree](0211-Design_Add_and_Search_Words_Data_Structure.cpp) | Data Structures |
|  228 | [Summary Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/summary-ranges/) | [Iteration](0228-Summary_Ranges.cpp) | Strings |
|  258 | [Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/description/) | [Maths](0258-Add_Digits.cpp) | Maths |
|  319 | [Bulb Switcher](https://leetcode.com/problems/bulb-switcher/) | [Maths](0319-Bulb_Switcher.cpp) | Maths |
|  347 | [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [Quickselect](0347-Top_K_Frequent_Elements.cpp) | Selection |
|  382 | [Linked List Random Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-random-node/) | [Reservoir Sampling](0382-Linked_List_Random_Node.cpp) | Reservoir Sampling |
|  399 | [Evaluate Division](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-division/) | [Depth-First Search](0399-Evaluate_Division.cpp) | Graph Representation |
|  429 | [Construct Quad Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-quad-tree/) | [Recursion](0429-Construct_Quad_Tree.cpp) | Recursion, Memory Allocation |
|  443 | [String Compression](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/) | [Iteration](0443-String_Compression.cpp) | Array Looping |
|  530 | [Minimum Absolute Difference in BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst/) | [Recursion](0530-Minimum_Absolute_Difference_in_BST.java) | Tree Traversal |
|  547 | [Number of Provinces](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-provinces/) | [Union-Find](0547-Number_of_Provinces.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
|  605 | [Can Place Flowers](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/) | [Iteration](0605-Can_Place_Flowers.cpp) | Logic |
|  649 | [Dota2 Senate](https://leetcode.com/problems/dota2-senate/) | [Greedy](0649-Dota2_Senate.cpp) | Data Structures |
|  652 | [Find Duplicate Subtrees](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-duplicate-subtrees/) | [Hashing](0652-Find_Duplicate_Subtrees.cpp) | Hashing, Binary Trees |
|  685 | [Redundant Connection II](https://leetcode.com/problems/redundant-connection-ii/) | [Union-Find](0685-Redundant_Connection_II.cpp) | Trees |
|  703 | [Kth Largest Element in a Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [Priority Queue](0703-Kth_Largest_Element_in_Stream.cpp) | Heap |
|  704 | [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/) | [Binary Search](0704-Binary_Search.cpp) | Array Searching |
|  705 | [Design HashSet](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashset/) | [Vector](0705-Design_HashSet.cpp) | Data Structure |
|  744 | [Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target/) | [Binary Search](0744-Find_Smallest_Letter_Greater_Than_Target.cpp) | Search |
|  785 | [Is Graph Bipartite?](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-graph-bipartite/ | [Recursion](0785-Is_Graph_Bipartite.cpp) | Graph Traversal |
|  837 | [New   21 Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/new-21-game/) | [Dynamic Programming](0837-New_21_Game.cpp) | Problem Solving |
|  839 | [Similar String Groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/similar-string-groups/) | [Union-Find](0839-Similar_String_Groups.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
|  875 | [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/) | [Binary Search](0875-Koko_Eating_Bananas.cpp) | Binary Search, Integer Overflow |
|  881 | [Boats to Save People](https://leetcode.com/problems/boats-to-save-people/) | [Greedy](0881-Boats_to_Save_People.cpp) | Problem Solving |
|  912 | [Sort an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [HeapSort](0912-Sort_an_Array.cpp) | Array Sorting |
|  934 | [Shortest Bridge](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-bridge/) | [Breadth-First Search](0934-Shortest_Bridge.cpp) | Graphs |
|  958 | [Check Completeness of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [Depth-First Search](0958-Check_Completeness_of_a_Binary_Tree.cpp) | Binary Trees |
|  983 | [Minimum Cost For Tickets](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-for-tickets/) | [Dynamic Programming](0983-Minimum_Cost_for_Tickets.cpp) | Logic |
| 1020 | [Number of Enclaves](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-enclaves/) | [Flood Fill](1020-Number_of_Enclaves.cpp) | Recursion |
| 1035 | [Uncrossed Lines](https://leetcode.com/problems/uncrossed-lines/) | [Dynamic Programming](1035-Uncrossed_Lines.cpp) | Subsequences |
| 1091 | [Shortest Path in Binary Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-path-in-binary-matrix/) | [Breadth-First Search](1091-Shortest_Path_in_Binary_Matrix.cpp) | Search |
| 1140 | [Stone Game II](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-ii/) | [Memoisation](1140-Stone_Game_II.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1144 | [Number of Ways of Cutting a Pizza](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-of-cutting-a-pizza/) | [Dynamic Programming](1444-Number_of_Ways_of_Cutting_a_Pizza.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1146 | [Snapshot Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/snapshot-array/) | [Changelog](1146-Snapshot_Array.cpp) | Version Control |
| 1161 | [Maximum Level Sum of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-level-sum-of-a-binary-tree/) | [Breadth-First Search](1161-Maximum_Level_Sum_of_a_Binary_Tree.java) | Tree Traversal |
| 1187 | [Make Array Strictly Increasing](https://leetcode.com/problems/make-array-strictly-increasing/) | [Memoisation](1187-Make_Array_Strictly_Increasing.java) | Games |
| 1232 | [Check If It Is a Straight Line](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-it-is-a-straight-line/) | [Slope](1232_Check_If_It_Is_a_Straight_line.cpp) | Geometry |
| 1254 | [Number of Closed Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-closed-islands/) | [Flood Fill](1254-Number_of_Closed_Islands.cpp) | Recursion |
| 1318 | [Minimum Flips to Make a OR b Equal to c](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-flips-to-make-a-or-b-equal-to-c/) | [Bitwise](1318-Minimum_Flips_to_Make_A_Or_B_Equal_to_C.cpp) | Bitwise Operations |
| 1319 | [Number of Operations to<br>Make Network Connected](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-operations-to-make-network-connected/) | > [Union-Find](1319-Number_of_Operations_to_Make_Network_Connected-Union_Find.cpp)<br>>[Depth-First Search](1319-Number_of_Operations_to_Make_Network_Connected-Depth_First_Search.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1345 | [Jump Game IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game-iv/) | [Breadth-First Search](1345-Jump_Game_IV.cpp) | Path Finding |
| 1351 | [Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-negative-numbers-in-a-sorted-matrix/) | [Iteration](1351-Count_Negative_Numbers_in_a_Sorted_Matrix.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1376 | [Time Needed to Inform All Employees](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-needed-to-inform-all-employees/) | [Depth First Search](1376-Time_Needed_to_Inform_All_Employees.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
| 1396 | [Design Underground System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-underground-system/) | [Unordered Maps](1396_Design_Underground_System.cpp) | Data Structures |
| 1402 | [Reducing Dishes](https://leetcode.com/problems/reducing-dishes/) | [Greedy](1402-Reducing_Dishes.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1406 | [Stone Game III](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-iii/) | [Memoisation](1406_Stone_Game_III.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1456 | [Maximum Number of Vowels in a Substring of Given Length](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length/) | [Sliding Window](1456-Maximum_Number_of_Vowels_in_a_Substing_of_Given_Length.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1466 | [Reorder Routes to Make All<br>Paths Lead to the City Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-routes-to-make-all-paths-lead-to-the-city-zero/) | [Breadth-First Search](1466-Reorder_Routes_to_Make_All_Paths_Lead_to_the_City_Zero.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
| 1472 | [Design Browser History](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-browser-history/) | [Vector](1472-Design_Browser_History.cpp) | Data Structures |
| 1491 | [Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum Salary](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-salary-excluding-the-minimum-and-maximum-salary/) | [Iteration](1491-Average_Salary_Excluding_the_Minimum_and_Maximum_Salary.cpp) | Data Types |
| 1498 | [Number of Subsequences That Satisfy the Given Sum Condition](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-subsequences-that-satisfy-the-given-sum-condition/) | [Permutation,<br>Modular Exp](1491-Average_Salary_Excluding_the_Minimum_and_Maximum_Salary.cpp) | Permutation,<br>Integer Overflow |
| 1502 | [Can Make Arithmetic Progression From Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-make-arithmetic-progression-from-sequence/) | [Iteration](1502-Can_Make_Arithmetic_Progression_From_Sequence.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1539 | [Kth Missing Positive Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-missing-positive-number/) | [Iteration](1539-Kth_Missing_Positive_Number.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1547 | [Minimum Cost to Cut a Stick](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-cut-a-stick/) | [Dynamic Programming](1547-Minimum_Cost_to_Cut_Stick.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1557 | [Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [Topo Sort](1557-Minimum_Number_of_Vertices_to_Reach_All_Nodes.cpp) | Directed Graphs |
| 1569 | [Number of Ways to Reorder Array to Get Same BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reorder-array-to-get-same-bst/) | [Recursion](1569-Number_of_Ways_to_Reorder_Array_to_Get_Same_BST.java) | Permutations |
| 1572 | [Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/) | [Indexing](1572-Matrix_Diagonal_Sum.cpp) | Arrays |
| 1579 | [Remove Max Number of Edges to Keep Graph Fully Traversable](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-max-number-of-edges-to-keep-graph-fully-traversable/) | [Union-Find](1579-Remove_Max_Number_of_Edges_to_Keep_Graph_Fully_Traversable.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1603 | [Design Parking System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [Vector](1603-Design_Parking_System.cpp) | Classes |
| 1697 | [Checking Existence of Edge Length Limited Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/checking-existence-of-edge-length-limited-paths/) | [Union-Find](1697-Checking_Existence_of_Edge_Length_Limited_Paths.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1721 | [Swapping Nodes in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [Value Swap](1721-Swapping_Nodes_in_a_Linked_List.cpp) | Linked Lists |
| 1799 | [Maximize Score After N Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-score-after-n-operations/) | [Dynamic Programming](1799-Maximize_Score_after_N_Operations.cpp) | Substructure, Data Types |
| 1802 | [Maximum Value at a Given Index in a Bounded Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-value-at-a-given-index-in-a-bounded-array/) | [Binary Search](1802-Maximum_Value_at_a_Given_Index_in_a_Bounded_Array.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1822 | [Sign of the Product of an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sign-of-the-product-of-an-array/) | [Iteration](1822-Sign_of_the_Product_of_an_Array.cpp) | Minimal Resource |
| 1857 | [Largest Color Value in a Directed Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph/) | [Kahn's Topological Sort](1857-Largest_Color_Value_in_Directed_Graph.cpp) | Directed Graphs |
| 1964 | [Find the Longest Valid Obstacle Course at Each Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-longest-valid-obstacle-course-at-each-position/) | [Dynamic Programming](2187-Minimum_Time_To_Complete_Trips.cpp) | Permutations |
| 2101 | [Detonate the Maximum Bombs](https://leetcode.com/problems/detonate-the-maximum-bombs/) | [Sweepline DFS](2101_Detonate_the_Maximum_Bombs.cpp) | Geometry |
| 2130 | [Maximum Twin Sum of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-twin-sum-of-a-linked-list/) | [Reverse Linked List](2130-Maximum_Twin_Sum_of_Linked_List.cpp) | Linked Lists |
| 2140 | [Solving Questions With Brainpower](https://leetcode.com/problems/solving-questions-with-brainpower/) | [Dynamic Programming](2140-Solving_Questions_with_Brainpower.cpp) | Optimal Substructure |
| 2187 | [Minimum Time to Complete Tips](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-complete-trips/) | [Binary Search](2187-Minimum_Time_To_Complete_Trips.cpp) | Binary Search, Integer Overflow |
| 2215 | [Find the Difference of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference-of-two-arrays/) | [Hashmap](2215-Find_The_Difference_of_Two_Arrays.cpp) | Arrays |
| 2300 | [Successful Pairs of Spells and Potions](https://leetcode.com/problems/successful-pairs-of-spells-and-potions/) | [Array Sorting](2300-Successful_Pairs_of_Spells_and_Potion.cpp) | Sorted Arrays |
| 2352 | [Equal Row and Column Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/equal-row-and-column-pairs/) | [Hashmap](2352-Equal_Row_and_Column_Pairs.java) | Value Lookup |
| 2316 | [Count Unreachable Pairs of<br>Nodes in an Undirected Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-unreachable-pairs-of-nodes-in-an-undirected-graph/) | [Union-Find](2316_Count_Unreachable_Pairs_of_Nodes_in_a_Undirected_Graph.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 2336 | [Smallest Number in Infinite Set](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-in-infinite-set/) | [Sets](2336-Smallest_Number_in_Inifinite_Set.cpp) | Ordered Sets |
| 2348 | [Number of Zero-Filled Subarrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-zero-filled-subarrays/) | [Iteration](2348-Number_of_Zero_Filled_Subarrays.cpp) | Permutations |
| 2360 | [Longest Cycle in a Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-cycle-in-a-graph/) | [Kahn's Topological Sort](2360-Longest_Cycle_in_a_Graph.cpp) | Graph Cycles |
| 2390 | [Removing Stars From a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/removing-stars-from-a-string/) | [Stack](2390-Removing_Stars_From_a_String.cpp) | Iteration |
| 2405 | [Optimal Partition of String](https://leetcode.com/problems/optimal-partition-of-string/) | [Greedy](2405-Optimal_Partition_of_String.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 2439 | [Minimize Maximum of Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-maximum-of-array/) | [Greedy](2439-Minimize_Maximum_of_Array.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 2444 | [Count Subarrays w/ Fixed Bounds](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-subarrays-with-fixed-bounds/) | [Iteration](2444-Count_Subarrays_With_Fixed_Bounds.cpp) | Iteration |
| 2466 | [Count Ways To Build Good Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-ways-to-build-good-strings/) | [Dynamic Programming](2466-Count_Ways_to_Build_Good_Strings.cpp) | Optimal Substructure |
| 2492 | [Minimum Score of a<br>Path Between Two Cities](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-score-of-a-path-between-two-cities/) | [Union-Find](2492-Minimum_Score_of_a_Path_Between_Two_Cities.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 2542 | [Maximum Subsequence Score](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subsequence-score/) | [Problem Reduction](2542-Maximum_Subsequence_Score.cpp) | Problem Solving |

Commit message:

2328-Number_of_Increasing_Paths_in_a_Grid

readme.md, after:

# LeetCode Problems

![LeetCode Logo](LeetCode.png)

These are my solutions for some of the [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/) problems.
I'm aiming to do at least one a day as part of the daily LeetCoding challenge.
Most will be done in C++ or Java since I wanted to brush up on my low-level languages.

You can find me on LeetCode as [BillyLjm](https://leetcode.com/BillyLjm/).

## Problems
| Num  | Title | Solutions | Concepts |
|:----:|:-----:|:---------:|:--------:|
|   20 | [Valid Parentheses](https://leetcode.com/problems/valid-parentheses/) | [Stack](0020-Valid_Parentheses.cpp) | Stack |
|   23 | [Merge k Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-k-sorted-lists/) | [Priority Queue](0023-Merge_k_Sorted_Lists.cpp) | Priority Queue, Pointers |
|   24 | [Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/) | [Pointers](0024-Swap_Nodes_in_Pairs.cpp) | Linked Lists |
|   28 | [Find the Index of the First<br>Occurrence in a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-index-of-the-first-occurrence-in-a-string/) | [KMP Substring](0028-Find_The_Index_Of_The_First_Occurence_In_A_String.cpp) | Find Patterns |
|   54 | [Spiral Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix/) | [Indexing](0054-Spiral_Matrix.cpp) | Arrays |
|   59 | [Spiral Matrix II](https://leetcode.com/problems/spiral-matrix-ii/) | [Robot](0059-Spiral_Matrix_II.cpp) | Arrays |
|   64 | [Minimum Path Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-path-sum/) | [Dynamic Programming](0064-Minimum_Path_Sum.cpp) | Path Searching |
|   71 | [Simplify Path](https://leetcode.com/problems/simplify-path/) | [Vector](0071-Simplify_Path.cpp) | String Parsing |
|   72 | [Edit Distance](https://leetcode.com/problems/edit-distance/) | > [Dynamic Programming](0072-Edit_Distance--Dynamic_Programming.cpp)<br>> [Memoisation](0072-Edit_Distance--Memoisation.cpp) | Recursion, Memoisation,<br>Dynamic Programming |
|   87 | [Scramble String](https://leetcode.com/problems/scramble-string/) | [Dynamic Programming](0087-Scramble_String.cpp) | Substrings |
|  101 | [Symmetric Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/symmetric-tree/) | [Tree Traversal](0101-Symmetric_Tree.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
|  106 | [Construct Binary Tree from<br>Inorder and Postorder Traversal](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-binary-tree-from-inorder-and-postorder-traversal/) | [Recursion, Map](0106-Construct_Binary_Tree_from_Inorder_and_Postorder_Traversal.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
|  109 | [Convert Sorted List<br>to Binary Search Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/convert-sorted-list-to-binary-search-tree/) | > [Vector](0109-Convert_Sorted_List_to_Binary_Search_Tree--Vector.cpp)<br>> [No Mid-Finding](0109-Convert_Sorted_List_to_Binary_Search_Tree--No_Mid_Finding.cpp) | Linked Lists,<br>Binary Trees |
|  129 | [Sum Root to Leaf Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/sum-root-to-leaf-numbers/) | [Recursion](0129-Sum_Root_to_Leaf_Numbers.cpp) | Binary Trees |
|  133 | [Clone Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/clone-graph/) | [Adjacency List](0133-Clone_Graph.cpp) | Undirected Graphs |
|  142 | [Linked List Cycle II](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-cycle-ii/) | [Floyd's Cycle Finding](0142-Linked_List_Cycle_II.cpp) | Linked Lists |
|  208 | [Implement Trie (Prefix Tree)](https://leetcode.com/problems/implement-trie-prefix-tree/) | [Map](0208-Implement_Trie_Prefix_Tree.cpp) | Trie/Prefix Tree |
|  211 | [Design Add and Search<br>Words Data Structure](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-add-and-search-words-data-structure/) | [Trie/Prefix Tree](0211-Design_Add_and_Search_Words_Data_Structure.cpp) | Data Structures |
|  228 | [Summary Ranges](https://leetcode.com/problems/summary-ranges/) | [Iteration](0228-Summary_Ranges.cpp) | Strings |
|  258 | [Add Digits](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-digits/description/) | [Maths](0258-Add_Digits.cpp) | Maths |
|  319 | [Bulb Switcher](https://leetcode.com/problems/bulb-switcher/) | [Maths](0319-Bulb_Switcher.cpp) | Maths |
|  347 | [Top K Frequent Elements](https://leetcode.com/problems/top-k-frequent-elements/) | [Quickselect](0347-Top_K_Frequent_Elements.cpp) | Selection |
|  382 | [Linked List Random Node](https://leetcode.com/problems/linked-list-random-node/) | [Reservoir Sampling](0382-Linked_List_Random_Node.cpp) | Reservoir Sampling |
|  399 | [Evaluate Division](https://leetcode.com/problems/evaluate-division/) | [Depth-First Search](0399-Evaluate_Division.cpp) | Graph Representation |
|  429 | [Construct Quad Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/construct-quad-tree/) | [Recursion](0429-Construct_Quad_Tree.cpp) | Recursion, Memory Allocation |
|  443 | [String Compression](https://leetcode.com/problems/string-compression/) | [Iteration](0443-String_Compression.cpp) | Array Looping |
|  530 | [Minimum Absolute Difference in BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-absolute-difference-in-bst/) | [Recursion](0530-Minimum_Absolute_Difference_in_BST.java) | Tree Traversal |
|  547 | [Number of Provinces](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-provinces/) | [Union-Find](0547-Number_of_Provinces.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
|  605 | [Can Place Flowers](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-place-flowers/) | [Iteration](0605-Can_Place_Flowers.cpp) | Logic |
|  649 | [Dota2 Senate](https://leetcode.com/problems/dota2-senate/) | [Greedy](0649-Dota2_Senate.cpp) | Data Structures |
|  652 | [Find Duplicate Subtrees](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-duplicate-subtrees/) | [Hashing](0652-Find_Duplicate_Subtrees.cpp) | Hashing, Binary Trees |
|  685 | [Redundant Connection II](https://leetcode.com/problems/redundant-connection-ii/) | [Union-Find](0685-Redundant_Connection_II.cpp) | Trees |
|  703 | [Kth Largest Element in a Stream](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-largest-element-in-a-stream/) | [Priority Queue](0703-Kth_Largest_Element_in_Stream.cpp) | Heap |
|  704 | [Binary Search](https://leetcode.com/problems/binary-search/) | [Binary Search](0704-Binary_Search.cpp) | Array Searching |
|  705 | [Design HashSet](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-hashset/) | [Vector](0705-Design_HashSet.cpp) | Data Structure |
|  744 | [Find Smallest Letter Greater Than Target](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-smallest-letter-greater-than-target/) | [Binary Search](0744-Find_Smallest_Letter_Greater_Than_Target.cpp) | Search |
|  785 | [Is Graph Bipartite?](https://leetcode.com/problems/is-graph-bipartite/ | [Recursion](0785-Is_Graph_Bipartite.cpp) | Graph Traversal |
|  837 | [New   21 Game](https://leetcode.com/problems/new-21-game/) | [Dynamic Programming](0837-New_21_Game.cpp) | Problem Solving |
|  839 | [Similar String Groups](https://leetcode.com/problems/similar-string-groups/) | [Union-Find](0839-Similar_String_Groups.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
|  875 | [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas/) | [Binary Search](0875-Koko_Eating_Bananas.cpp) | Binary Search, Integer Overflow |
|  881 | [Boats to Save People](https://leetcode.com/problems/boats-to-save-people/) | [Greedy](0881-Boats_to_Save_People.cpp) | Problem Solving |
|  912 | [Sort an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [HeapSort](0912-Sort_an_Array.cpp) | Array Sorting |
|  934 | [Shortest Bridge](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-bridge/) | [Breadth-First Search](0934-Shortest_Bridge.cpp) | Graphs |
|  958 | [Check Completeness of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/sort-an-array/) | [Depth-First Search](0958-Check_Completeness_of_a_Binary_Tree.cpp) | Binary Trees |
|  983 | [Minimum Cost For Tickets](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-for-tickets/) | [Dynamic Programming](0983-Minimum_Cost_for_Tickets.cpp) | Logic |
| 1020 | [Number of Enclaves](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-enclaves/) | [Flood Fill](1020-Number_of_Enclaves.cpp) | Recursion |
| 1035 | [Uncrossed Lines](https://leetcode.com/problems/uncrossed-lines/) | [Dynamic Programming](1035-Uncrossed_Lines.cpp) | Subsequences |
| 1091 | [Shortest Path in Binary Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/shortest-path-in-binary-matrix/) | [Breadth-First Search](1091-Shortest_Path_in_Binary_Matrix.cpp) | Search |
| 1140 | [Stone Game II](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-ii/) | [Memoisation](1140-Stone_Game_II.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1144 | [Number of Ways of Cutting a Pizza](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-of-cutting-a-pizza/) | [Dynamic Programming](1444-Number_of_Ways_of_Cutting_a_Pizza.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1146 | [Snapshot Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/snapshot-array/) | [Changelog](1146-Snapshot_Array.cpp) | Version Control |
| 1161 | [Maximum Level Sum of a Binary Tree](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-level-sum-of-a-binary-tree/) | [Breadth-First Search](1161-Maximum_Level_Sum_of_a_Binary_Tree.java) | Tree Traversal |
| 1187 | [Make Array Strictly Increasing](https://leetcode.com/problems/make-array-strictly-increasing/) | [Memoisation](1187-Make_Array_Strictly_Increasing.java) | Games |
| 1232 | [Check If It Is a Straight Line](https://leetcode.com/problems/check-if-it-is-a-straight-line/) | [Slope](1232_Check_If_It_Is_a_Straight_line.cpp) | Geometry |
| 1254 | [Number of Closed Islands](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-closed-islands/) | [Flood Fill](1254-Number_of_Closed_Islands.cpp) | Recursion |
| 1318 | [Minimum Flips to Make a OR b Equal to c](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-flips-to-make-a-or-b-equal-to-c/) | [Bitwise](1318-Minimum_Flips_to_Make_A_Or_B_Equal_to_C.cpp) | Bitwise Operations |
| 1319 | [Number of Operations to<br>Make Network Connected](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-operations-to-make-network-connected/) | > [Union-Find](1319-Number_of_Operations_to_Make_Network_Connected-Union_Find.cpp)<br>>[Depth-First Search](1319-Number_of_Operations_to_Make_Network_Connected-Depth_First_Search.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1345 | [Jump Game IV](https://leetcode.com/problems/jump-game-iv/) | [Breadth-First Search](1345-Jump_Game_IV.cpp) | Path Finding |
| 1351 | [Count Negative Numbers in a Sorted Matrix](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-negative-numbers-in-a-sorted-matrix/) | [Iteration](1351-Count_Negative_Numbers_in_a_Sorted_Matrix.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1376 | [Time Needed to Inform All Employees](https://leetcode.com/problems/time-needed-to-inform-all-employees/) | [Depth First Search](1376-Time_Needed_to_Inform_All_Employees.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
| 1396 | [Design Underground System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-underground-system/) | [Unordered Maps](1396_Design_Underground_System.cpp) | Data Structures |
| 1402 | [Reducing Dishes](https://leetcode.com/problems/reducing-dishes/) | [Greedy](1402-Reducing_Dishes.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1406 | [Stone Game III](https://leetcode.com/problems/stone-game-iii/) | [Memoisation](1406_Stone_Game_III.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1456 | [Maximum Number of Vowels in a Substring of Given Length](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-number-of-vowels-in-a-substring-of-given-length/) | [Sliding Window](1456-Maximum_Number_of_Vowels_in_a_Substing_of_Given_Length.cpp) | Problem-Solving |
| 1466 | [Reorder Routes to Make All<br>Paths Lead to the City Zero](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-routes-to-make-all-paths-lead-to-the-city-zero/) | [Breadth-First Search](1466-Reorder_Routes_to_Make_All_Paths_Lead_to_the_City_Zero.cpp) | Tree Traversal |
| 1472 | [Design Browser History](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-browser-history/) | [Vector](1472-Design_Browser_History.cpp) | Data Structures |
| 1491 | [Average Salary Excluding the Minimum and Maximum Salary](https://leetcode.com/problems/average-salary-excluding-the-minimum-and-maximum-salary/) | [Iteration](1491-Average_Salary_Excluding_the_Minimum_and_Maximum_Salary.cpp) | Data Types |
| 1498 | [Number of Subsequences That Satisfy the Given Sum Condition](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-subsequences-that-satisfy-the-given-sum-condition/) | [Permutation,<br>Modular Exp](1491-Average_Salary_Excluding_the_Minimum_and_Maximum_Salary.cpp) | Permutation,<br>Integer Overflow |
| 1502 | [Can Make Arithmetic Progression From Sequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/can-make-arithmetic-progression-from-sequence/) | [Iteration](1502-Can_Make_Arithmetic_Progression_From_Sequence.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1539 | [Kth Missing Positive Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/kth-missing-positive-number/) | [Iteration](1539-Kth_Missing_Positive_Number.cpp) | Iteration |
| 1547 | [Minimum Cost to Cut a Stick](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-cost-to-cut-a-stick/) | [Dynamic Programming](1547-Minimum_Cost_to_Cut_Stick.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1557 | [Minimum Number of Vertices to Reach All Nodes](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-number-of-vertices-to-reach-all-nodes/) | [Topo Sort](1557-Minimum_Number_of_Vertices_to_Reach_All_Nodes.cpp) | Directed Graphs |
| 1569 | [Number of Ways to Reorder Array to Get Same BST](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-ways-to-reorder-array-to-get-same-bst/) | [Recursion](1569-Number_of_Ways_to_Reorder_Array_to_Get_Same_BST.java) | Permutations |
| 1572 | [Matrix Diagonal Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/matrix-diagonal-sum/) | [Indexing](1572-Matrix_Diagonal_Sum.cpp) | Arrays |
| 1579 | [Remove Max Number of Edges to Keep Graph Fully Traversable](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-max-number-of-edges-to-keep-graph-fully-traversable/) | [Union-Find](1579-Remove_Max_Number_of_Edges_to_Keep_Graph_Fully_Traversable.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1603 | [Design Parking System](https://leetcode.com/problems/design-parking-system/) | [Vector](1603-Design_Parking_System.cpp) | Classes |
| 1697 | [Checking Existence of Edge Length Limited Paths](https://leetcode.com/problems/checking-existence-of-edge-length-limited-paths/) | [Union-Find](1697-Checking_Existence_of_Edge_Length_Limited_Paths.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 1721 | [Swapping Nodes in a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/swapping-nodes-in-a-linked-list/) | [Value Swap](1721-Swapping_Nodes_in_a_Linked_List.cpp) | Linked Lists |
| 1799 | [Maximize Score After N Operations](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximize-score-after-n-operations/) | [Dynamic Programming](1799-Maximize_Score_after_N_Operations.cpp) | Substructure, Data Types |
| 1802 | [Maximum Value at a Given Index in a Bounded Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-value-at-a-given-index-in-a-bounded-array/) | [Binary Search](1802-Maximum_Value_at_a_Given_Index_in_a_Bounded_Array.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 1822 | [Sign of the Product of an Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/sign-of-the-product-of-an-array/) | [Iteration](1822-Sign_of_the_Product_of_an_Array.cpp) | Minimal Resource |
| 1857 | [Largest Color Value in a Directed Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/largest-color-value-in-a-directed-graph/) | [Kahn's Topological Sort](1857-Largest_Color_Value_in_Directed_Graph.cpp) | Directed Graphs |
| 1964 | [Find the Longest Valid Obstacle Course at Each Position](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-longest-valid-obstacle-course-at-each-position/) | [Dynamic Programming](2187-Minimum_Time_To_Complete_Trips.cpp) | Permutations |
| 2101 | [Detonate the Maximum Bombs](https://leetcode.com/problems/detonate-the-maximum-bombs/) | [Sweepline DFS](2101_Detonate_the_Maximum_Bombs.cpp) | Geometry |
| 2130 | [Maximum Twin Sum of a Linked List](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-twin-sum-of-a-linked-list/) | [Reverse Linked List](2130-Maximum_Twin_Sum_of_Linked_List.cpp) | Linked Lists |
| 2140 | [Solving Questions With Brainpower](https://leetcode.com/problems/solving-questions-with-brainpower/) | [Dynamic Programming](2140-Solving_Questions_with_Brainpower.cpp) | Optimal Substructure |
| 2187 | [Minimum Time to Complete Tips](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-time-to-complete-trips/) | [Binary Search](2187-Minimum_Time_To_Complete_Trips.cpp) | Binary Search, Integer Overflow |
| 2215 | [Find the Difference of Two Arrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-difference-of-two-arrays/) | [Hashmap](2215-Find_The_Difference_of_Two_Arrays.cpp) | Arrays |
| 2300 | [Successful Pairs of Spells and Potions](https://leetcode.com/problems/successful-pairs-of-spells-and-potions/) | [Array Sorting](2300-Successful_Pairs_of_Spells_and_Potion.cpp) | Sorted Arrays |
| 2328 | [Number of Increasing Paths in a Grid](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-increasing-paths-in-a-grid/) | [Dynamic Programming](2328-Number_of_Increasing_Paths_in_a_Grid.java) | Problem Solving |
| 2352 | [Equal Row and Column Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/equal-row-and-column-pairs/) | [Hashmap](2352-Equal_Row_and_Column_Pairs.java) | Value Lookup |
| 2316 | [Count Unreachable Pairs of<br>Nodes in an Undirected Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-unreachable-pairs-of-nodes-in-an-undirected-graph/) | [Union-Find](2316_Count_Unreachable_Pairs_of_Nodes_in_a_Undirected_Graph.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 2336 | [Smallest Number in Infinite Set](https://leetcode.com/problems/smallest-number-in-infinite-set/) | [Sets](2336-Smallest_Number_in_Inifinite_Set.cpp) | Ordered Sets |
| 2348 | [Number of Zero-Filled Subarrays](https://leetcode.com/problems/number-of-zero-filled-subarrays/) | [Iteration](2348-Number_of_Zero_Filled_Subarrays.cpp) | Permutations |
| 2360 | [Longest Cycle in a Graph](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-cycle-in-a-graph/) | [Kahn's Topological Sort](2360-Longest_Cycle_in_a_Graph.cpp) | Graph Cycles |
| 2390 | [Removing Stars From a String](https://leetcode.com/problems/removing-stars-from-a-string/) | [Stack](2390-Removing_Stars_From_a_String.cpp) | Iteration |
| 2405 | [Optimal Partition of String](https://leetcode.com/problems/optimal-partition-of-string/) | [Greedy](2405-Optimal_Partition_of_String.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 2439 | [Minimize Maximum of Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimize-maximum-of-array/) | [Greedy](2439-Minimize_Maximum_of_Array.cpp) | Problem Solving |
| 2444 | [Count Subarrays w/ Fixed Bounds](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-subarrays-with-fixed-bounds/) | [Iteration](2444-Count_Subarrays_With_Fixed_Bounds.cpp) | Iteration |
| 2466 | [Count Ways To Build Good Strings](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-ways-to-build-good-strings/) | [Dynamic Programming](2466-Count_Ways_to_Build_Good_Strings.cpp) | Optimal Substructure |
| 2492 | [Minimum Score of a<br>Path Between Two Cities](https://leetcode.com/problems/minimum-score-of-a-path-between-two-cities/) | [Union-Find](2492-Minimum_Score_of_a_Path_Between_Two_Cities.cpp) | Disjoint Sets |
| 2542 | [Maximum Subsequence Score](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-subsequence-score/) | [Problem Reduction](2542-Maximum_Subsequence_Score.cpp) | Problem Solving |
